[exciting opening theme music plays]
[ominous music playing]
Go on, do it!
Give it all you've got, Iron Michael!
I believe that it was
your former head coach,
a man named Sam D'Amato,
who deserves the credit for creating
the magnificent "Peek-a-Boo"
fighting style that you're known for.
You bring the gloves so close to the jaw
that you could almost bite into them,
completely covering the vital areas.
And then by weaving, ducking,
bobbing, and circling your opponent,
and moving the upper body
at a dizzying rate,
you're able to create
a near-perfect defense.
Even though we'll be up against
a top-class opponent
who's mastered that style
on an instinctual level…
[Mouth alternating] We third-string
amateurs will give it a try.
[snaps fingers]
-[strikes land]
-[Michael groans]
-[groaning]
-[blood squishing]
-[crunching]
-[Michael groaning]
[guard gasps uncertainly]
This-- This is--
[Michael panting]
[Lip grunts]
-[Mouth and Teeth grunt]
-[Michael groans]
[groaning]
[Michael groaning]
[thuds heavily]
[Tooth] What do you think
of our simultaneous one-two-three?
[Michael coughs]
[groans softly]
[Tooth] No matter how fast
you're able to move,
realistically, you can only
ever dodge a single punch.
Which means if three punches
are thrown at the same time,
two are bound to land.
As long as we deliver a clean hit,
even you will succumb
to our third-rate punches.
[Michael gasps]
-[Michael grunts]
-[chuckles]
[struggling to breathe]
[gasps]
[Michael choking]
[Tooth] All right, no more boxing.
[groans]
Stop it! No!
[Michael groaning]
[narrator] When it comes to techniques
that a woman or a child
might effectively use
in order to defeat a larger man,
the first is to strike the testicles.
The second is to gouge the eyes.
However, there is
one more killer technique,
if it can even be called a technique,
and that… is the heel.
Even an elementary school student
who barely weighs 65 pounds
can take out a large man
with a stomp to the face.
It's almost too simple.
Huh.
Wow, he's weaker than I thought he'd be.
Really? I'm not surprised
he struggled to handle us.
[shudders]
[grunts]
-[squishes]
-[Tongue] At any rate,
this is just another example
of how an individual's skills
are worthless compared to a team's.
Honestly, I don't think
that we could have asked for
a better demonstration of that fact.
Well, time to finish up.
[gasps]
[shudders]
What do you think?
Shall we sever the tendon
that enables a person to make a fist?
Hold him.
[Lip] Like this?
That's perfect.
Sorry, champ.
But at least
it's a simple operation to perform.
It'll be over soon.
[chuckles] Huh?
[Tooth] Hmm?
[object whooshes, whistles, clangs]
[Mouth] Huh?
[dramatic sting]
[Mouth groaning uncertainly]
[gasps]
Huh.
-[Tongue] Lip.
-Huh?
-Mm.
-Look there.
[Lip grunts]
[ominous music plays]
[dramatic music playing]
[Mouth gasping in confusion]
[Mouth grunting in confusion]
[gasps]
[Guevaru groans]
[coughing]
[inhales sharply] I feel sick now.
-It's--
-Guevaru!
[gasps, shudders]
Man, how ironic,
my head is spinning like crazy,
and this thing isn't spinning at all.
Sitting there all listless.
It's like this thing is mocking me.
Whoa!
You sure don't see
a moon like that every day.
You don't see all three members
of the Mouth together every day either.
What are you three up to?
[gasping fearfully]
The chemical reaction that occurs
when the three of you are all together
is similar to the combination
you see with identical triplets.
You guys must be
ready for anything, aren't you?
[Mouth gasps]
Whether we're talking about
the most evil villains
or warriors who are recognized
as the best in their fields.
They all seem to come to a bad ending
when they meet the three of you.
It really is very interesting.
[Mouth] Huh?
[Guevaru] How nostalgic.
Tonight's moon reminds me
of my younger days
when I sailed across the seas
beneath a pirate flag.
We always set out on nights like this,
under a bright moon like that.
-[snaps fingers]
-[Mouth gasps]
Total amateurs.
Just now, while you three
were busy gazing up at the moon,
I could have easily taken
at least one of you three out.
Since you rely on your coordination,
if even one of you were gone,
then your fighting capability
would be greatly reduced.
But, since that wouldn't be any fun,
I'll let you live.
But do be more careful in the future.
-[Mouth groans angrily]
-[guard] They're being suckered in.
The Mouth, veteran of hundreds of fights,
is being suckered in by young Guevaru.
[suspenseful music playing]
Interesting.
You're looking a lot more confident.
As soon as you took this formation,
a sense of ease
seemed to wash all over you.
You're through, Guevaru.
You see, once you've allowed us
to get into this formation,
any small chance that you had is gone.
[Guevaru chuckles]
Sounds like fun.
-[snaps fingers]
-Huh?
-[grunts]
-[liquid splashing]
[whimpers]
[yelping]
[both gasp]
-[Guevaru laughs]
-Stop, you idiot!
[Guevaru sighs]
-[sighing]
-[yelps]
[shuddering]
-[Guevaru sighs]
-You complete idiot!
Oh, that's good. What a relief!
I can't… believe…
[whooshes]
[Mouth gasps]
[Guevaru] Is this okay?
I hope I didn't splash you.
But, I mean,
we have to create boundaries, right?
Anyway, the devil who ruined
your relationship as an unbreakable trio
is just lying down here
on the ground right in front of you.
[Mouth gasps]
[Guevaru] What are you
gonna do about it?
[yelling]
[exciting music playing]
[Mouth grunting]
-[crunching]
-[all grunting]
[gasps]
-[Lip yells]
-[crunches]
[panting]
[Mouth panting]
[Lip chuckles] His bark
was worse than his bite.
He made everyone call him Number Two,
and this is how strong he is?
[Guevaru sighs]
[Mouth gasps]
-[wind whistling faintly]
-[Guevaru] Wind.
[beckoning] Here, nice wind.
[Mouth grunting in confusion]
The wind?
[Mouth] Huh?
[seafaring music plays]
[guard shudders]
Did he just call the wind?
[Mouth] Hmm?
Huh? [grunting uncertainly]
[breathes deeply]
[wind continues whistling]
[chuckles]
[wind growing louder]
[wind gusting]
[Mouth grunts in surprise]
[gasps]
[music intensifies]
[Mouth gasping]
[dramatic sting]
[Mouth gasps]
[Guevaru] It's high tide.
[inhales sharply]
-[grunting]
-[cracking, popping]
[dramatic music playing]
It's time to set sail.
[Mouth gasps]
Now, let's continue.
[shudders]
[gulps]
[chuckles] Fantastic.
You've done fantastic.
Until now.
Just think about it.
The unexpected entrance.
The enigmatic pinwheel.
The urination,
the wind,
and the war paint made of mud.
In all of that, is there anything
that speaks to your actual ability?
It's nothing more than cheap theatrics.
[chuckles]
That's enough now.
Let's all come back to our senses.
[grunts]
[Mouth grunts]
[Tongue] It's only fair to let you know
that the formation we've established
is even more deadly
than the one we used earlier.
Now that you've emptied your bladder,
how will you overcome this tetrahedron?
[Mouth grunts]
Wow. Look at you. You climbed up so high!
You gonna be all right?
Get down by yourself?
-[grunting]
-[whooshing]
[whooshes]
[gasps]
-[thudding, crunching]
-[Tongue groaning]
-[punch lands]
-[Lip groans]
[whirling]
[groans]
[gasps softly]
[grunts]
-[exhales slowly]
-[gasps]
[shuddering] He's a monster!
[narrator] Lip, the leader of the Mouth,
felt the urge to run…
-[Lip whimpering]
-…as every cell in his body told him,
"This man isn't human."
As he fled, he added
to the puddles of urine already collected.
-[brooding heavy metal music playing]
-[Tooth grunting]
[yelps, grunts]
Hey, look at you,
you got down all by yourself.
[narrator] Since the three of them
could no longer depend
on their combination,
there was no need
to even bother trying to settle the fight.
[sighs]
[guard] He's so strong!
He's too strong!
He just defeated the Mouth,
who easily beat Iron Michael,
with only a single punch!
Wow.
Deputy Warden Samuels.
-[gasps]
-Check it out.
It looks to me as if there might have been
a little bit of trouble here.
I'll leave it up to you to handle.
I'm going to bed.
Huh?
Hmm.
Oh! If it isn't Iron Michael!
You seriously forgot about me?
That punch was really something.
I've never seen one like it before.
[gasps, exhales] Wow, what a great honor!
To receive such praise
from the strongest boxer on earth.
If you hadn't come by,
I have no doubt that my life as a boxer
would have been completely over.
Hey, what are you talkin' about?
I mean, we're roommates, right?
So we're tight like that.
[Michael] You forgot about me
just a second ago!
[Guevaru] Ah, it's all good!
It's all good!
-[Michael] Number Two.
-Hmm?
I give thanks to God
that I was put into
the same cell as you were.
Of course, I gotta thank you even more.
So, thanks, boss.
It was just
a pleasant little surprise for me
that I got the chance
for some recreational activity
since I couldn't sleep.
Really, I oughta be the one
thanking you, my brother.
-[Michael chuckles] Good night, brother.
-Yup!
[yawning]
-[Michael] Huh?
-[Guevaru] Hmm?
Mr. Guevaru.
Whether you win or lose
the fight against Mr. Oliva,
I don't care.
But, the next day after the fight,
-I ask that you--
-Sorry, but I'll have to say no.
I won't be your boyfriend.
What?!
[Guevaru] But if you wanna fight me,
we can do that any time.
[sighs]
Even if there isn't a wind blowing.
Even if it's right here, right now.
[dramatic sting]
[gulps]
-[Oliva] Right here?!
-[all] Huh?
[Oliva] Guevaru, you there?
[chuckles] Oh, there you are!
-[whooshing]
-[metal creaking]
[both gasp]
-[guard yelps] Mr. Oliva, stop!
-[Guevaru] Uh…
-[guard] Please! I have a key!
-Mr. Oliva, stop!
-[door crashes]
[exciting music plays]
Mr. Guevaru, good evening to you.
-Oliva…
-Mr. Unchained…
-[crashes]
-[guard yelps]
Oh, man, look what you did to the door!
Just put up a curtain or something.
Come on, what kind of prison
doesn't have real doors?!
[guard wailing]
Now then, Guevaru, eh,
you've got a good look.
A good face.
Not too much bluster,
not trying to intimidate.
And it doesn't appear
that you're too conceited, either.
All the same, it's pretty obvious.
I can tell what you're capable of
just by looking at you.
Seriously, it's written
all over your face.
But you are impressive.
You've established
a new independent country,
even if it's not a big one.
But it's just such a pity!
Huh? What's a pity?
[Oliva] While God may have given you
the gifts of a first-rate character,
keen intelligence and, clearly,
plenty of leadership skills,
you still have one big flaw, Guevaru!
Just the same as I do.
[Guevaru chuckles]
[Oliva chuckles]
[Guevaru] Exactly.
Despite our age, neither of us
likes to lose when it comes to fighting.
Growing up from a toddler to a boy,
and then going from a boy to a young man,
and eventually on to an adult.
There's definitely a kind of immaturity
behind how much we both wanna win fights,
probably something we should have left
behind along the way while growing up.
I became a man
and stopped wanting candy.
And I stopped playing with my yo-yo too.
When I grew up, I stopped playing tag.
I also stopped playing with toys.
And I gave up collecting cards.
[Oliva] And yet…
[Guevaru] And yet…
[both] Now, fighting is all that remains.
[Oliva] While it's true
that we might have much in common,
there's one distinctive difference
that sets us apart.
I see. So in what way
do you think you're superior to me?
[Oliva] I fight for another.
[Guevaru] Hmm.
Does a fight have to be
for someone else to be meaningful?
Tell me, what do you think, Guevaru?
[Baki grunts in surprise]
All right, if you really wanna know,
then here's my opinion.
I think needing something or someone else
to fight for is a weakness.
What do you think about that, Mr. Oliva?
[chuckles softly]
[ominous music plays]
I think that you'll lose.
You said that you fight for another?
Who is it?
Well, who else do you think?
-I fight for my sweet girl, of course!
-[all gasp in surprise]
She's just such a cutie!
Ooh!
Huh?
Out of everything
you could possibly fight for,
it's some girl.
[eerie whooshing]
So you want to show off
how strong you are to your girlfriend?
[grunts]
[dramatic sting]
Hmm?
[gasps in surprise]
Just when I was starting to think
you two were the greatest rivals,
the strongest foes,
and that I was so happy
to be able to meet you.
[laughs]
[power hums]
Seriously, are you two
just screwing with me?!
-[both grunt]
-[Baki] I sat here quietly listening
to you talk about
how "fighting is all that remains,"
-and how you're "fighting for another."
-Baki--
[Baki] Going on and on about what's
necessary for fighting and what isn't.
Stop making kissy-faces
and bragging about-- [grunts]
[whooshes]
[groans]
[groans weakly]
[thuds]
[narrator] Even if two savage beasts are
in the middle of battling to the death,
they will, nonetheless, work together
to fight off an intruder
if one comes along.
So what happened to Baki
just then was inevitable.
Huh. Do you think he's just jealous?
Out of all the fluids in the entire world,
the most potent one…
[blood sloshing]
…and apparently the most easily riled one
is Hanma blood.
Maybe the stimulation of all this
was just too much for him.
Did we make too many kissy-faces?
Doubt it.
I'm sure it wasn't as much
as you and your girl make.
[sighs, giggles]
[mellow jazz music plays]
Hmm.
[sniffing] Mm. Mm.
[sighs happily]
How stimulating that is!
[chuckles] Is that handkerchief
a present from her or something?
[chuckles] No, you're wrong.
[Guevaru] Hmm?
This is just something that I bought
in the town where she used to live.
Wait a sec.
Wait.
You mean, that isn't even something
that belonged to her? Really?
Come on, don't be ridiculous.
Something like that would be
far too stimulating for me to deal with.
Ridiculous?
You two are lovers, aren't you?
What kind of question is that?
Yeah, of course we are.
The two of us are very much
in love with each other.
I'm sorry, you lost me.
Well, I wouldn't expect you to get it.
-Since you're a child.
-[chuckles]
No matter where I am at any given moment,
as long as I have this handkerchief
from the town where she lived,
it's like I'm able to feel her presence.
It's just like how a fan can feel
the presence of the legendary quartet
when they look at a souvenir
they bought from Liverpool.
That's how big of a fan of hers I am!
And I won't make any apologies for it.
What can I say?
She's just so beautiful!
Here, man. What do you say?
You wanna take a whiff?
Go ahead.
It's the most fragrant thing
in the entire world.
[snorts, spits]
[screaming]
[men gasping]
-[Oliva yelping]
-[intense heavy metal music playing]
[whimpers]
[screams]
-[panting]
-[Oliva screaming]
-[gasps]
-[Oliva yelling sadly]
[Oliva's yelling fades]
[scoffs] Give me a break.
I wonder how that handkerchief smells now.
Still the most fragrant thing
in the entire world?
[music fades]
[closing theme music plays]
Subtitle translation by: